Add SQL Server GetSqlDecimal overflow protection (#5605)
linq2db/linq2db: .github/copilot-instructions.md

# Copilot Pull Request Review Rules

## General Guidelines
- Preserve the user's manual code changes and do not overwrite or revert them.

> - When optimizing reader logic, avoid per-read dictionary lookups in hot paths. For hot-path reader logic in this repository, avoid dictionaries entirely; prefer a self-rewriting lambda/delegate where `ReadSqlServerDecimal` calls the current implementation and the implementation can replace itself after the first overflow.

Reviewer: **Nit · NIT001** — This guidance references `ReadSqlServerDecimal`, which does not exist anywhere in the codebase. The actual reader is the nested `AdaptiveDecimalReader` (entry point `GetDecimal`; the self-rewrite happens in `DefaultReader`). The instruction is inaccurate the moment it lands and would misdirect future edits searching for that method.

Fix: Reference `AdaptiveDecimalReader.GetDecimal` (or drop the example).

```suggestion
- When optimizing reader logic, avoid per-read dictionary lookups in hot paths. For hot-path reader logic in this repository, avoid dictionaries entirely; prefer a self-rewriting lambda/delegate where `AdaptiveDecimalReader.GetDecimal` calls the current implementation and the implementation can replace itself after the first overflow.
```
